android.support.compat.R
android.support.coreui.R
android.support.coreutils.R
android.support.fragment.R
android.support.graphics.drawable.R
android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R
android.support.mediacompat.R
android.support.v4.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action0
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int add
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int always
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int beginning
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int home
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int listMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int middle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int multiply
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int never
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int none
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int spacer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_over
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title_template
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int withText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.midtrans.corekit.R
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int barLength
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonGravity
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int color
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int divider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int elevation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int goIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int logo
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int queryHint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int showDividers
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int showText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int showTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int spinBars
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int theme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int thickness
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int thumbTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int tickMark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int track
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int trackTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$bool
com.midtrans.corekit.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.midtrans.corekit.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.midtrans.corekit.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
com.midtrans.corekit.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_default
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int background_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int button_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_850
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.midtrans.corekit.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.midtrans.corekit.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action0
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_container
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_divider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_image
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int action_text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int actions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int add
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int alertTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int always
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int beginning
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int bottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int cancel_action
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int checkbox
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int chronometer
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int collapseActionView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int contentPanel
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int custom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int customPanel
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int disableHome
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int edit_query
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int end
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int end_padder
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int home
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int homeAsUp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int icon_group
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int ifRoom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int image
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int info
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int line1
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int line3
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int listMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int list_item
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int media_actions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int middle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int multiply
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int never
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int none
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int normal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int notification_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int parentPanel
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int progress_circular
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int radio
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int right_icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int right_side
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int screen
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int scrollView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_badge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_plate
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_src_text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int shortcut
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int showCustom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int showHome
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int showTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int spacer
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int src_atop
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int src_in
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int src_over
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int submit_area
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int tabMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int text2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int time
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int title_template
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int top
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int topPanel
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int up
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int useLogo
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int withText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$id: int wrap_content
com.midtrans.corekit.R$integer
com.midtrans.corekit.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.midtrans.corekit.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.midtrans.corekit.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_action
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_media_action
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] View
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.midtrans.corekit.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment PRODUCTION
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment STAGING
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment SANDBOX
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment[] $VALUES
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment[] values()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: Environment(java.lang.String,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment: void <clinit>()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore midtransCore
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment environment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: java.lang.String clientKey
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.api.papi.MidtransApiManager midtransApiManager
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.api.snap.SnapApiManager snapApiManager
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: boolean secureCreditCardPayment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: MidtransCore(com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore getInstance()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.api.papi.MidtransApiManager initialisePaymentApiManager()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.api.snap.SnapApiManager initialiseSnapApiManager()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.api.merchant.MerchantApiManager initialiseMerchantApiManager(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: java.lang.String getClientKey()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void checkout(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void getTransactionDetails(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void getCardToken(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingCreditCard(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingBcaBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingBcaBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingBniBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingBniBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingPermataBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingPermataBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingMandiriBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingMandiriBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingOtherBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingOtherBankTransfer(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingBcaKlikpay(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingKlikBca(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingEpayBri(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingCimbClicks(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingMandiriClickpay(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingMandiriECash(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingTelkomselCash(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingIndosatDompetku(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingXlTunai(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingIndomaret(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingKioson(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void paymentUsingGiftCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void deleteCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void getBankBins(com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void getBankPoint(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment getEnvironment()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: void setEnvironment(com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: boolean isSecureCreditCardPayment()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore: MidtransCore(com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder,com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$1)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: boolean enableLog
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: java.lang.String clientKey
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment environment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: MidtransCore$Builder()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder enableLog(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder setClientKey(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder setEnvironment(com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore build()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: java.lang.String access$000(com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: boolean access$100(com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder: com.midtrans.sdk.core.Environment access$200(com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCore$Builder)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback: void onSuccess(java.lang.Object)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback: void onFailure(java.lang.Object)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.MidtransCoreCallback: void onError(java.lang.Throwable)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String CIMB
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String BCA
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String MANDIRI
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String BNI
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String MAYBANK
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String BRI
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String DANAMON
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String MANDIRI_DEBIT
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: java.lang.String BNI_DEBIT_ONLINE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType: BankType()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.BankType$BankDef
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.Channel
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.Channel: java.lang.String DRAGON
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.Channel: java.lang.String MIGS
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.Channel: Channel()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.Channel$ChannelDef
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: java.lang.String VISA
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: java.lang.String MASTERCARD
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: java.lang.String JCB
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: java.lang.String AMEX
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: int TYPE_MASTER_VISA_JCB_AMEX
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: int TYPE_MASTER_VISA
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: int TYPE_MASTER_VISA_JCB
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: int TYPE_MASTER_VISA_AMEX
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: int TYPE_UNKNOWN
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.CreditCardType: CreditCardType()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String firstName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String lastName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String address
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String city
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String postalCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String phone
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: java.lang.String countryCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address: Address(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer: java.lang.String vaNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer: BankTransfer()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer: java.lang.String getVaNumber()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer: void setVaNumber(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText freeText
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer: BcaBankTransfer()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText getFreeText()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer: void setFreeText(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutOrderDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutOrderDetails: java.lang.String orderId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutOrderDetails: int grossAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutOrderDetails: CheckoutOrderDetails(java.lang.String,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: java.lang.String userId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer bcaVa
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer permataVa
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard creditCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: java.util.List enabledPayments
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: java.util.List itemDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails customerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutOrderDetails transactionDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry expiry
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: java.lang.String customField1
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: java.lang.String customField2
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: java.lang.String customField3
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: CheckoutTokenRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest newMinimalCheckout(java.lang.String,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenRequest newCompleteCheckout(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BcaBankTransfer,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.BankTransfer,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard,java.util.List,java.util.List,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutOrderDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenResponse: java.lang.String token
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenResponse: java.util.List errorMessages
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CheckoutTokenResponse: CheckoutTokenResponse(java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: boolean saveCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: boolean secure
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String tokenId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String channel
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.util.List savedTokens
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment installment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String type
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: CreditCard()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: boolean isSaveCard()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setSaveCard(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: boolean isSecure()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setSecure(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String getTokenId()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setTokenId(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String getChannel()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setChannel(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String getBank()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setBank(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.util.List getSavedTokens()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setSavedTokens(java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: java.lang.String getType()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setType(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment getInstallment()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CreditCard: void setInstallment(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String firstName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String lastName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String email
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String phone
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address shippingAddress
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address billingAddress
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.CustomerDetails: CustomerDetails(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Address)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: java.lang.String UNIT_HOUR
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: java.lang.String UNIT_MINUTE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: java.lang.String UNIT_DAY
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: java.lang.String startTime
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: java.lang.String unit
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: int duration
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry: Expiry(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.Expiry$TimeUnitDef
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: java.util.List inquiry
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: java.util.List payment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: FreeText()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: java.util.List getInquiry()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: void setInquiry(java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: java.util.List getPayment()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeText: void setPayment(java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeTextItem
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeTextItem: java.lang.String id
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeTextItem: java.lang.String en
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.FreeTextItem: FreeTextItem(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.ItemDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.ItemDetails: java.lang.String id
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.ItemDetails: int price
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.ItemDetails: int quantity
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.ItemDetails: java.lang.String name
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.merchant.ItemDetails: ItemDetails(java.lang.String,int,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String TYPE_AUTHORIZE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String cardNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String cardCvv
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String cardExpiryMonth
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String cardExpiryYear
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean secure
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean twoClick
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String savedTokenId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: int grossAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean installment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: int installmentTerm
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String type
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String channel
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean point
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: CardTokenRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newNormalCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAuthorizeCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankNormalCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankAuthorizeCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newNormalInstallmentCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAuthorizeInstallmentCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankInstallmentCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankAuthorizeInstallmentCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newNormalSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAuthorizeSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankNormalSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankAuthorizeSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newNormalInstallmentSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAuthorizeInstallmentSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankNormalInstallmentSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankAuthorizeInstallmentSecureCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newNormalTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,boolean,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAuthorizeTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankNormalTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankAuthorizeTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newNormalInstallmentTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,boolean,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAuthorizeInstallmentTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankNormalInstallmentTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,boolean,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest newAcquiringBankAuthorizeInstallmentTwoClicksCard(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,boolean,int,boolean,boolean,int,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setChannel(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getCardNumber()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getCardCvv()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getCardExpiryMonth()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getCardExpiryYear()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean isSecure()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setSecure(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean isTwoClick()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getSavedTokenId()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: int getGrossAmount()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setGrossAmount(int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean isInstallment()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setInstallment(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: int getInstallmentTerm()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setInstallmentTerm(int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getType()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getBank()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setBank(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setCardType(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: java.lang.String getChannel()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setChannel(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: boolean isPoint()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenRequest: void setPoint(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse: java.lang.String statusMessage
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse: java.lang.String statusCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse: java.lang.String tokenId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse: java.lang.String redirectUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.papi.CardTokenResponse: CardTokenResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String firstName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String lastName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String address
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String city
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String postalCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String phone
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: java.lang.String countryCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address: Address(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BasePaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BasePaymentRequest: java.lang.String paymentType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BasePaymentRequest: BasePaymentRequest(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String statusCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String statusMessage
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String transactionId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String orderId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String grossAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String paymentType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String transactionTime
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String transactionStatus
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String fraudStatus
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.lang.String finishRedirectUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: java.util.List validationMessages
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.BaseTransactionResponse: BaseTransactionResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: boolean saveCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: boolean secure
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: java.lang.String tokenId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: java.lang.String channel
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: java.util.List savedTokens
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: java.lang.String type
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment installment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: java.util.List whitelistBins
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard: CreditCard(boolean,boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String firstName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String lastName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String email
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: java.lang.String phone
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address shippingAddress
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address billingAddress
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails: CustomerDetails(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.Address)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ItemDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ItemDetails: java.lang.String id
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ItemDetails: int price
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ItemDetails: int quantity
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ItemDetails: java.lang.String name
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ItemDetails: ItemDetails(java.lang.String,int,int,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: java.lang.String ONE_CLICK
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: java.lang.String TWO_CLICKS
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: java.lang.String token
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: java.lang.String tokenType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: java.lang.String maskedCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: java.lang.String expiresAt
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SavedToken: SavedToken(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails: java.lang.String fullName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails: java.lang.String email
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails: java.lang.String phone
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails: SnapCustomerDetails(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails customerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentRequest: BankTransferPaymentRequest(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String pdfUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentResponse: java.util.List vaNumbers
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.BankTransferPaymentResponse: BankTransferPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.VaNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.VaNumber: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.VaNumber: java.lang.String vaNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.VaNumber: VaNumber(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentRequest: BcaBankTransferPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String bcaVaNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String bcaExpiration
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bca.BcaBankTransferPaymentResponse: BcaBankTransferPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentRequest: BniBankTransferPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String bniVaNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String bniExpiration
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.bni.BniBankTransferPaymentResponse: BniBankTransferPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentRequest: MandiriBankTransferPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String billKey
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String billerCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String billpaymentExpiration
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.mandiri.MandiriBankTransferPaymentResponse: MandiriBankTransferPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.other.OtherBankTransferPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.other.OtherBankTransferPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.other.OtherBankTransferPaymentRequest: OtherBankTransferPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.other.OtherBankTransferPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.other.OtherBankTransferPaymentResponse: OtherBankTransferPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentRequest: PermataBankTransferPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String permataVaNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentResponse: java.lang.String permataExpiration
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bank.permata.PermataBankTransferPaymentResponse: PermataBankTransferPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bins.BankBinsResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bins.BankBinsResponse: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bins.BankBinsResponse: java.util.ArrayList bins
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.bins.BankBinsResponse: BankBinsResponse(java.lang.String,java.util.ArrayList)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: java.lang.String statusCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: java.lang.String statusMessage
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: java.util.List validationMessages
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: java.lang.Long pointBalance
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: java.lang.String pointBalanceAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: java.lang.String transactionTime
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.BankPointResponse: BankPointResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.lang.Long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String cardToken
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String installment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: boolean saveCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String maskedCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: float point
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: CreditCardPaymentParams()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams newBasicPaymentParams(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams newInstallmentPaymentParams(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams newOneClickPaymentParams(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams newBankPointPaymentParams(java.lang.String,float)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String getCardToken()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: void setCardToken(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String getInstallment()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: void setInstallment(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: boolean isSaveCard()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: void setSaveCard(boolean)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: float getPoint()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: void setPoint(float)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String getMaskedCard()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams: void setMaskedCard(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams paymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails customerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentRequest: CreditCardPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentParams,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.SnapCustomerDetails)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String savedTokenId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String maskedCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String savedTokenIdExpiredAt
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String approvalCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String bank
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String installmentTerm
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.CreditCardPaymentResponse: CreditCardPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment: boolean required
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment: java.util.Map terms
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.card.Installment: Installment(boolean,java.util.Map)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.ConvenienceStorePaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.ConvenienceStorePaymentResponse: java.lang.String pdfUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.ConvenienceStorePaymentResponse: java.lang.String paymentCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.ConvenienceStorePaymentResponse: java.lang.String store
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.ConvenienceStorePaymentResponse: ConvenienceStorePaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.indomaret.IndomaretPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.indomaret.IndomaretPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.indomaret.IndomaretPaymentRequest: IndomaretPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.indomaret.IndomaretPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.indomaret.IndomaretPaymentResponse: java.lang.String indomaretExpireTime
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.indomaret.IndomaretPaymentResponse: IndomaretPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.kioson.KiosonPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.kioson.KiosonPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.kioson.KiosonPaymentRequest: KiosonPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.kioson.KiosonPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.kioson.KiosonPaymentResponse: java.lang.String kiosonExpireTime
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.conveniencestore.kioson.KiosonPaymentResponse: KiosonPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.EbankingPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.EbankingPaymentResponse: java.lang.String redirectUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.EbankingPaymentResponse: EbankingPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayPaymentRequest: BcaKlikpayPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayPaymentResponse: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData redirectData
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayPaymentResponse: BcaKlikpayPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData: java.lang.String url
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData: java.lang.String method
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams params
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectData: BcaKlikpayRedirectData(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String klikPayCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String transactionNo
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String totalAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String currency
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String payType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String callback
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String transactionType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String descp
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String miscFee
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: java.lang.String signature
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.bcaklikpay.BcaKlikpayRedirectParams: BcaKlikpayRedirectParams(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.cimbclicks.CimbClicksPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.cimbclicks.CimbClicksPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.cimbclicks.CimbClicksPaymentRequest: CimbClicksPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.cimbclicks.CimbClicksPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.cimbclicks.CimbClicksPaymentResponse: CimbClicksPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.epaybri.EpayBriPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.epaybri.EpayBriPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.epaybri.EpayBriPaymentRequest: EpayBriPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.epaybri.EpayBriPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.epaybri.EpayBriPaymentResponse: EpayBriPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentParams: java.lang.String userId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentParams: KlikBcaPaymentParams(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentParams paymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentRequest: KlikBcaPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentParams)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentResponse: java.lang.String approvalCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentResponse: java.lang.String bcaKlikbcaExpireTime
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.klikbca.KlikBcaPaymentResponse: KlikBcaPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams: java.lang.String mandiriCardNo
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams: java.lang.String input3
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams: java.lang.String tokenResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams: MandiriClickpayPaymentParams(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams paymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentRequest: MandiriClickpayPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentParams)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentResponse: java.lang.String approvalCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentResponse: java.lang.String maskedCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriclickpay.MandiriClickpayPaymentResponse: MandiriClickpayPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriecash.MandiriECashPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriecash.MandiriECashPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriecash.MandiriECashPaymentRequest: MandiriECashPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriecash.MandiriECashPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ebanking.mandiriecash.MandiriECashPaymentResponse: MandiriECashPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentParams: java.lang.String msisdn
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentParams: IndosatDompetkuPaymentParams(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentParams paymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentRequest: IndosatDompetkuPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentParams)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.indosatdompetku.IndosatDompetkuPaymentResponse: IndosatDompetkuPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentParams: java.lang.String customer
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentParams: TelkomselCashPaymentParams(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentParams paymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentRequest: TelkomselCashPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentParams)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.tcash.TelkomselCashPaymentResponse: TelkomselCashPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentRequest: XlTunaiPaymentRequest()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentResponse: java.lang.String xlTunaiOrderId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentResponse: java.lang.String xlTunaiMerchantId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentResponse: java.lang.String xlExpiration
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.ewallet.xltunai.XlTunaiPaymentResponse: XlTunaiPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String cardNumber
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentParams: java.lang.String pin
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentParams: GiftCardPaymentParams(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentRequest
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentRequest: java.lang.String TYPE
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentRequest: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentParams paymentParams
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentRequest: GiftCardPaymentRequest(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentParams)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentResponse: java.lang.String approvalCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.gci.GiftCardPaymentResponse: GiftCardPaymentResponse(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: int id
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.util.List bins
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: int discountAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String startDate
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String endDate
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String discountType
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String promoCode
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String sponsorName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String sponsorMessageEn
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: java.lang.String sponsorMessageId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.promo.PromoResponse: PromoResponse()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapCallbacks
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapCallbacks: java.lang.String error
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapCallbacks: java.lang.String finish
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapCallbacks: SnapCallbacks(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapEnabledPayment
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapEnabledPayment: java.lang.String type
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapEnabledPayment: java.lang.String category
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapEnabledPayment: SnapEnabledPayment(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference preference
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData: java.lang.String clientKey
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData: java.util.List enabledPrinciples
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData: java.util.List pointBanks
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData: SnapMerchantData(com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference,java.lang.String,java.util.List,java.util.List)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String displayName
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String finishUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String errorUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String pendingUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String logoUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String colorScheme
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String colorSchemeUrl
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: java.lang.String locale
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantPreference: SnapMerchantPreference(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: java.lang.String token
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransactionDetails transactionDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails customerDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: java.util.List itemDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapCallbacks callbacks
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: java.util.List enabledPayments
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard creditCard
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData merchant
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: java.util.List promos
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransaction: SnapTransaction(java.lang.String,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransactionDetails,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CustomerDetails,java.util.List,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapCallbacks,java.util.List,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.CreditCard,com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapMerchantData)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransactionDetails
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransactionDetails: java.lang.String orderId
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransactionDetails: int grossAmount
com.midtrans.sdk.core.models.snap.transaction.SnapTransactionDetails: SnapTransactionDetails(java.lang.String,int)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: java.lang.String CARD_TYPE_VISA
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: java.lang.String CARD_TYPE_MASTERCARD
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: java.lang.String CARD_TYPE_AMEX
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: java.lang.String CARD_TYPE_JCB
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: CardUtilities()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: boolean isValidCardNumber(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: java.lang.String getCardType(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.CardUtilities: java.lang.String getFormattedCreditCardNumber(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Logger
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Logger: boolean enabled
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Logger: Logger()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Logger: void debug(java.lang.String)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Logger: void error(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Utilities
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Utilities: Utilities()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Utilities: com.google.gson.Gson buildGson()
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Utilities: java.lang.Object createCustomMapObject(java.util.Map)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Utilities: java.lang.String getFormattedTime(long)
com.midtrans.sdk.core.utils.Utilities: int generateRandomNumber()
